hello everyone I am back again teach you
a tutorial on how to set up a static IP
address now you you may want to ask what
is a static IP address a static IP
address means that your ipv4 address
will not change so the IP address that
you put in to my other tutorial on how
to port forward it will keep changing
unless you make a static IP I will bTW
this is very useful to hosting a game
server such as minecraft or terraria
what you want to do is go start and then
go control panel and then you want to go
network and sharing center then you want
to click change adapter settings and
your network connection should come up
click it once and then right click it
and then click properties this can also
be done and easier way they'll start
search programs and then you try to
review network network connections that
will come up with this so it's pretty
much the same thing now you want to
click it and then press properties now
you want to click on your Internet
Protocol version 4 tcp/ip ipv4 and then
you want to click properties and then it
should come up with this if yours is
like mine it's on obtain an IP address
automatically and obtain DNS server
server address automatically then you
want to go to start and then type in CMD
and I'm pretty sure for Windows XP you
can go run and then type in here CMD and
they have it now you want to type in
ipconfig /all and then press Enter cheer
up with this you want to go to wireless
LAN adapter wireless network connection
should come up with this stuff now if
your if yours is like mine then you
don't have to do what I'm doing but if
it's not if yours has used to following
IP address and use it
DNS server addresses and there's numbers
in here then you already have a static
IP and you don't need to do anything
anymore if yours is like mind on this
then you're gonna have to do this click
user following IP address and that
should already be there then in the IP
address you want to put where it says
ipv4 address it you have to copy the
number there and then put it here
however I've already brought forward it
and I'm going to put the IP address that
I always use you want to type in one oh
well you just want to type in what it
says that so just copy that what about
that preferred so 192 168 1 3 this is
mine wait if you're new to this then
just copy what it says right there and
don't do what I did before gateway it's
right there ok 9 6 8 1 1 now my
preferred DNS server is the same as my
default gateway so 191 skip 1 1 I don't
have an alternate DNS server I you might
have one but from what I can see I don't
have one so that you don't really need
an alternate it's just if you have one
then put it that and you just press ok
I'm gonna click close and now wait for
your internet connection to come back up
when I exit you don't want if you just
scroll down see I'll connect clear
internet now and you want to type a
night IP config for slash ball again
then you want to go up and there you go
now it's static this will not change
your ipv4 address will not change so you
can go ahead and port forward and it
will stay like this and you won't have
to change
every day so there you have it and just
to let you know that this does work
until it does work that going to type in
pushback Terraria their internet okay
everyone thanks for watching up before I
leave some of you the internet might not
work after after you do a static IP so
you want to go start and then you want
to go you want to go to the same place
not one connection and then you want to
right click it properties do the same
thing that you did last time the
properties again of them and then if if
your Internet's completely going they
just want to press obtain an IP address
automatically and that should also go up
there and yeah and then you just press
ok I'm not going to do that because I am
connected with Internet and you get your
internet back and if you really want it
then you can try again and see if your
internet comes back ok this has been
another tutorial made by a little kid
whose voice is extremely annoying I will
see you all later